Update JS QuickStart (#2207)
MetaMask/metamask-docs: sdk/connect/javascript.md

# Connect to MetaMask using JavaScript

> Get started with MetaMask SDK in your JavaScript dApp.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get started with MetaMask SDK in your JavaScript dapp.
```

We use lowercase "dapp" throughout the docs, so let's keep it consistent here.

> ## Steps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prerequisites

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) version 19 or later installed.
- A package manager installed, such as [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm) or [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/).
- [MetaMask](https://metamask.io/) installed in your browser or on mobile.

## Steps
```

It might be helpful to add prerequisites here (and to be consistent with the other quickstarts).

### 1. Install the SDK

> Install the SDK in an existing JavaScript project using npm, Yarn, pnpm, or Bun:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install the SDK in an existing JavaScript project:
```

Simplify, if we're listing the package manager as a prerequisite.

Get started with MetaMask SDK in your JavaScript dapp.

## Prerequisites

- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) version 19 or later installed.

> - A package manager installed, such as [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm), [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/), [pnpm](https://pnpm.io/installation) or [bun](https://bun.sh/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A package manager installed, such as [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm), [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/), [pnpm](https://pnpm.io/installation), or [bun](https://bun.sh/).
```

const MMSDK = new MetaMaskSDK({
  dappMetadata: {

>     name: "Example JavaScript dApp",
>     url: window.location.href,
>     // iconUrl: 'https://mydapp.com/icon.png' // Optional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    name: "Example JavaScript dapp",
    url: window.location.href,
    // iconUrl: "https://mydapp.com/icon.png" // Optional
```

  },
  infuraAPIKey: process.env.INFURA_API_KEY,
})
```

> - - `dappMetadata` ensures trust by showing your dapp’s `name`, `url`, and `iconUrl` during connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`dappMetadata`](../reference/sdk-options.md#dappmetadata) - Ensures trust by showing your dapp's `name`, `url`, and `iconUrl` during connection.
```

> - - `infuraAPIKey` enables read-only RPC and load‑balancing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`infuraAPIKey`](../reference/sdk-options.md#infuraapikey) - Enables read-only RPC and load‑balancing.
```

> - - `infuraAPIKey` enables read-only RPC and load‑balancing.

Reviewer: Can you move this bullet list outside of the `<Tabs>`? It should appear after Pure JS, too. Also, maybe preface with something like:
> These examples configure the SDK with the following options:

const MMSDK = new MetaMaskSDK({
  dappMetadata: {
    name: "Example JavaScript dapp",
    url: window.location.href,
    // iconUrl: "https://mydapp.com/icon.png" // Optional
  },
  infuraAPIKey: process.env.INFURA_API_KEY,
})
```

- [`dappMetadata`](../reference/sdk-options.md#dappmetadata) - Ensures trust by showing your dapp's `name`, `url`, and `iconUrl` during connection.

> - [`infuraAPIKey`](../reference/sdk-options.md#infuraapikey) - Enables read-only RPC and load‑balancing.

Reviewer: I mentioned in my previous comment, but can you move this list after the `</Tabs>` on line 75? And preface with something like:

> These examples configure the SDK with the following options:

  <script>
    const MMSDK = new MetaMaskSDK.MetaMaskSDK({
      dappMetadata: {

>         name: "Example JavaScript dApp",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        name: "Example JavaScript dapp",
```

        url: window.location.href,
        // iconUrl: "https://mydapp.com/icon.png" // Optional
      },
      infuraAPIKey: process.env.INFURA_API_KEY,
    })
  </script>
</head>
```

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

### 3. Connect and use provider

Connect to MetaMask and get the provider for RPC requests:

```javascript
const provider = MMSDK.getProvider()

const accounts = await MMSDK.connect()
console.log("Connected account:", accounts[0])

const result = await provider.request({
  method: "eth_accounts",
  params: [],
})
console.log("eth_accounts result:", result)
```

> Use the provider to make RPC request to get accounts, chainId, etc.
> 
> - `MMSDK.connect()` handles cross-platform connection (desktop and mobile), including deeplinking.
> - Use `provider.request()` for arbitrary RPC calls like `eth_chainId`, `eth_getBalance`, or batching via `metamask_batch`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`MMSDK.connect()` handles cross-platform connection (desktop and mobile), including deeplinking.

Use `provider.request()` for arbitrary [JSON-RPC requests](/wallet/reference/json-rpc-methods) like `eth_chainId` or `eth_getBalance`, or for [batching requests](../guides/batch-requests.md) via `metamask_batch`.
```

> ### 4. Common SDK methods at a glance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Common SDK methods at a glance
```

Maybe add this as a separate heading instead of a step?

| Method                                 | Description                                  |
| -------------------------------------- | -------------------------------------------- |

> | `connect()`                            | Triggers wallet connection flow              |
> | `connectAndSign({ msg: '...' })`       | Connects and prompts user to sign a message  |
> | `getProvider()`                        | Returns the provider object for RPC requests |
> | `provider.request({ method, params })` | Any Ethereum JSON‑RPC call                   |
> | Batched RPC                            | Use `metamask_batch` to group multiple calls |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`connect()`](../reference/sdk-methods.md#connect)                            | Triggers wallet connection flow              |
| [`connectAndSign({ msg: '...' })`](../reference/sdk-methods.md#connectandsign)       | Connects and prompts user to sign a message  |
| [`getProvider()`](../reference/sdk-methods.md#getprovider)                        | Returns the provider object for RPC requests |
| [`provider.request({ method, params })`](/wallet/reference/provider-api/#request) | Calls any Ethereum JSON‑RPC method                   |
| [Batched RPC](../guides/batch-requests.md)                            | Use `metamask_batch` to group multiple JSON-RPC requests |
```

Suggest adding links to relevant reference docs.

> ### 5. Usage example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Usage example
```
